head	1.1;
access;
symbols;
locks; strict;
comment	@# @;


1.1
date	2004.08.22.21.20.04;	author wbx;	state Stab;
branches;
next	;


desc
@@


1.1
log
@add sane-backends, first of three ports for using scanner
with bsd
@
text
@SANE stands for "Scanner Access Now Easy" and is an application
programming interface (API) that provides standardized access to any
raster image scanner hardware (flatbed scanner, hand-held scanner,
video- and still-cameras, frame-grabbers, etc.). The SANE API is public
domain and its discussion and development is open to everybody. The
current source code is written for UNIX (including GNU/Linux) and is
available under the GNU General Public License (the SANE API is
available to proprietary applications and backends as well, however).
More details about the license can be found on our license page. Ports
to MacOS X, OS/2 and Microsoft Windows are either already done or in
progress.

SANE is a universal scanner interface. The value of such a universal
interface is that it allows writing just one driver per image
acquisition device rather than one driver for each device and
application. So, if you have three applications and four devices,
traditionally you'd have had to write 12 different programs. With SANE,
this number is reduced to seven: the three applications plus the four
drivers. Of course, the savings get even bigger as more and more drivers
and/or applications are added.

SANE-BACKENDS comes complete with documentation, several backends,
scanimage command line frontend, and networking support. For
other/graphical frontends take a look at sane-frontends and XSane.

WWW: ${HOMEPAGE}
@
